[docs] improve router docs (#25002)
expo/expo: docs/pages/router/advanced/stack.mdx

}
```

## JavaScript Stack

Expo Router uses the `@react-navigation/native-stack` package for the `<Stack />` layout, but you may want to use the JavaScript-powered `@react-navigation/stack` library instead. To do so, you can create a custom layout component that wraps the `@react-navigation/stack` library.

```tsx layouts/js-stack.tsx
import { ParamListBase, StackNavigationState } from '@react-navigation/native';
import {
  createStackNavigator,
  StackNavigationEventMap,
  StackNavigationOptions,
} from '@react-navigation/stack';
import { withLayoutContext } from 'expo-router';

const { Navigator } = createStackNavigator();

export const JsStack = withLayoutContext<
  StackNavigationOptions,
  typeof Navigator,
  StackNavigationState<ParamListBase>,
  StackNavigationEventMap
>(Navigator);
```

You can then use the `JsStack` component in your app.

```tsx app/_layout.js
import { JsStack } from '../layouts/js-stack';

export default function Layout() {
  return (
    <JsStack
      screenOptions={
        {
          // Refer to the React Navigation docs https://reactnavigation.org/docs/stack-navigator
        }
      }
    />
  );
}
```

> For options and info about `@react-navigation/stack`, refer to the [React Navigation docs](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/stack-navigator).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information on available options, see [`@react-navigation/stack` documentation](https://reactnavigation.org/docs/stack-navigator).
```
